Oh, I see.
Please rest assured.
My mom and I will definitely convince him
Help him get rid of Luo's permission
Rescued you out
So naive
Brother Kun, my hero has been a fox since he was a child
He's very seductive.
I asked your dad
Your dad won't be okay
Unless unless something
I can't tell you.
It's too dangerous
Unless what?
Xu Mei, please tell me
As long as I can get you out
I'm willing to do anything
Unless death is not allowed
Your dad will be fine
Yeah, it's that simple.
Why do I miss him now?
Don't worry.
I will definitely find the killer to deal with him
Don't worry, Brother Kun
Your dad loves camping so much
He will definitely send bodyguards to protect him 24 hours a day
If you do this, ordinary killers will clean up the golden snake.
What to do then?
So I know the contact information of a killer
He is an apprentice in the world
Very strong
Never miss
I'll give you the way
You go to
OK
Hum Luo Yingxue
Want to fight me
You're a little too young
I let you escape twice before
I can't believe you're not dead this time